Grids AI Assistant: Add API Descriptions Part 2 (#8767)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/aiAssistant/customizeResponseTitle.md

---
id: dxDataGrid.Options.aiAssistant.customizeResponseTitle
type: function(status, commandNames)
---
---
##### shortDescription
Customizes AI Assistant response titles.

##### param(status): Enums.ResponseStatus

> The response status. If a response includes multiple requested commands, all must succeed for this parameter to return *"success"*.

Reviewer: I didn't understand this string
Here can be "success" or "failure" status

Author: Updated to add a bit of clarity

##### param(commandNames): Array<String>
An array of requested commands ([DataGridPredefinedCommandNames]({basewidgetpath}/Types/DataGridPredefinedCommandNames/)).

##### return: String
The custom response title.

---
Use this function to customize the titles of AI Assistant response messages.

You can use this function to translate response texts. The following code snippet uses the [locale()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/localization/#locale) method to specify texts for multiple locales:

---

##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    const currentLocale = DevExpress.localization.locale();

    $('#{widget-name}-container').dx{WidgetName}({
        aiAssistant: {
            customizeResponseTitle(status, commandNames) {
                switch (currentLocale) {
                    case 'en':
                        return `${status.toUpperCase()}: ${commandNames.join(', ')}`;
                    case 'fr':
                        return /* Translated texts */;
                }

>             },

Reviewer: The example looks unsuitable, here should be something like:
```
  switch (status) { 
    case "success":
      return commandNames.slice(0,-1).join(', ');

    case "failure": 
    default: 
      return "Invalid AI Response"; 
    } 
```

Author: In this code snippet, I wanted to demonstrate how customer can use this callback to implement translated texts. I have added another code snippet for your usage scenario, please review.

---
id: dxDataGrid.Options.aiAssistant.customizeResponseTitle
type: function(status, commandNames)
---
---
##### shortDescription
Customizes AI Assistant response titles.

##### param(status): Enums.ResponseStatus

> The response status. If a response describes multiple commands, all must succeed for this parameter's value to equal *"success"*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response status. If a response describes multiple commands, this parameter equals *"success"* only if all commands succeed.
```

> The response status. If a response includes multiple requested commands, all must succeed for this parameter's value to equal *"success"*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The response status. If a response describes multiple commands, all must succeed for this parameter's value to equal *"success"*.
```

##### param(commandNames): Array<String>

> An array of requested commands ([DataGridPredefinedCommandNames]({basewidgetpath}/Types/DataGridPredefinedCommandNames/)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An array of commands ([DataGridPredefinedCommandNames]({basewidgetpath}/Types/DataGridPredefinedCommandNames/)).
```

##### return: String
The custom response title.

---

> Use this function to customize titles of AI Assistant response messages. The following code snippet adds response statuses to titles:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this function to customize the titles of AI Assistant response messages. The following code snippet adds response statuses to titles:
```

> Use this function to customize the titles of AI Assistant response messages. The following code snippet adds response statuses to titles:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use this function to customize titles of AI Assistant response messages. The following code snippet adds response statuses to titles:
```

            />
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script setup lang="ts">
    import { Dx{WidgetName}, DxAIAssistant, type Dx{WidgetName}Types } from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    function customizeResponseTitle(status, commandNames) {
        switch (status) {
            case 'success':
                return `Completed: ${commandNames.join(', ')}`;
            case 'failure':
                return `Failed: ${commandNames.join(', ')}`;
        }
    };
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    import { {WidgetName}, AIAssistant, type {WidgetName}Types } from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    function customizeResponseTitle(status, commandNames) {
        switch (status) {
            case 'success':
                return `Completed: ${commandNames.join(', ')}`;
            case 'failure':
                return `Failed: ${commandNames.join(', ')}`;
        }
    };

    function App() {
        return (
            <{WidgetName}>
                <AIAssistant
                    enabled={true}
                    customizeResponseTitle={customizeResponseTitle}
                />
            </{WidgetName}>
        );
    };

---

> You can use this function to translate response titles. The following code snippet uses the [locale()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/localization/#locale) method to specify texts for multiple locales:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use this function to translate response titles. The following code snippet uses the [locale()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/localization/#locale) method to specify titles for multiple locales:
```
